[`Mixtral`] Add more details on quantization (#1710)
huggingface/blog: mixtral.md

This takes about 48 hours to train on a single A100, but can be easily parallelised by tweaking `--num_processes` to the number of GPUs you have available.

## Quantizing Mixtral-7B

As seen above, the challenge for this model is to make it run on consumer-type hardware for anyone to use it, as the model requires ~90GB just to be loaded in half-precision (`torch.float16`).

> With 🤗 transformers library we support out of the box inference with state-of-the-art quantization methods such as QLoRA, and GPTQ. You can read more about the quantization methods we support in the [appropriate documentation section](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/quantization). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the 🤗 transformers library, we support out-of-the-box inference with state-of-the-art quantization methods such as QLoRA and GPTQ. You can read more about the quantization methods we support in the [appropriate documentation section](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/quantization). 
```

### Load Mixtral with QLoRA

> As demonstrated in the inference section, you can load Mixtral with QLoRA by installing `bitsandbytes` library `pip install -U bitsandbytes` and passing the flag `load_in_4bit=True` to from_pretrained method. For better performance, we advise users to load the model with `bnb_4bit_compute_dtype=torch.float16`. Note you need a GPU device with at least 24GB VRAM in order to properly run the snippet below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As demonstrated in the inference section, you can load Mixtral with 4-bit quantization by installing `bitsandbytes` library `pip install -U bitsandbytes` and passing the flag `load_in_4bit=True` to the `from_pretrained` method. For better performance, we advise users to load the model with `bnb_4bit_compute_dtype=torch.float16`. Note you need a GPU device with at least 24GB VRAM to properly run the snippet below.
```

> As demonstrated in the inference section, you can load Mixtral with QLoRA by installing `bitsandbytes` library `pip install -U bitsandbytes` and passing the flag `load_in_4bit=True` to from_pretrained method. For better performance, we advise users to load the model with `bnb_4bit_compute_dtype=torch.float16`. Note you need a GPU device with at least 24GB VRAM in order to properly run the snippet below.

Reviewer: Here you say 24GB VRAM but below 30

Author: Ah yes true, changed it as well

```python
import torch
from transformers import AutoTokenizer, AutoModelForCausalLM, BitsAndBytesConfig

model_id = "mistralai/Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1"
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained(model_id)

quantization_config = BitsAndBytesConfig(
    load_in_4bit=True,
    bnb_4bit_compute_dtype=torch.float16
)
model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(model_id, quantization_config=quantization_config)

> prompt = "USER: Explain what a Mixture of Experts is in less than 100 words. ASSISTANT:"

Reviewer: Maybe use an example with correct prompt structure

Author: Nice catch ! changed it!
